	My mother, Céline Renoux was a apart of an affair when I was 7 years old. I was the first to find out. My father discovered them and used political allies to destroy the man involved, even going so far as to challenge and kill him in a duel of hatred. Even since the family has been falling apart, father grows more unstable abusing and beating all those around him. Each of my siblings struggle with him in their own way. The only one he seems to truly care for is Céline. He uses the rest of us to increase our house power. Alexandre is talented at winning duels, me at drafting documents, Jushu with his talent for risk taking, intuition, and calculation. As fathers drinking has become worse even our talents seem a weak light in his conquest for power. He feels we slow him down. Each of us fall into bouts of depression as our fear of him grows. 

	Our world becomes spashed with colors we never desired to experience. The deep violet of wine, bluish purple of bruises, dark red blood streaming from our heads. The only one close to resisting is Alexandre, but even he won't outright attack father. Eventually he leaves abandoning us to the rest of fathers rage. Sometimes its better, after a deal with another house we celebrate parading around for the public view. Other times it seems there is nothing that can be done to appease him. 

	Eventually after one last stolen vase is caught Jushu is banished away, father claims he is a liability and is trying to drag the house down with him. Father targets Alain most now, he can't do much to help the house due to his age, but he is healthy enough to recover from the beatings. I see the innocence dissapear sometimes from his eyes. 